---
layout: post
title: Godspeed
klappentext:
align:
<> date: 2018-12-31 20:01
<> author: contentmaschine
---
<div style="text-align:justify">
The engines roar into silence. We stop. Through the window I see rain. The sky has become an ocean, pouring down endlessly onto a lonely cobblestone path. I get up and leave my compartment, stepping into grey mist. I walk until a door blocks my way. Laying hands on a cold steel handle I step into a simple, squared room. A table occupies the center of the room, along with two chairs facing each other. Indistinct writing covers the walls.

I sense that I should sit, so I do. The other door opens. An elegantly dressed man enters and greets me with a delicate smile. "Welcome." With silent lips and interested eyes I return his hospitality. "It is a pleasure to finally meet you." The man sits down gracefully. With a beaming look he commences: "You are here because you do not know your beginnings. This we will change." I blink. He continues: "You are a human, candle in the darkness, creature of yearning curiosity and ever-shifting emotions. For thousands of years humankind struggled, until a technological diamond was found in the year 2024. Ingenious engineers developed an Artificial General Intelligence and under its leadership humanity mechanized time within a year."

I try to understand, but he interrupts: "Don't. That is not what we are here for." I accept. "A lot has happened since. The year is 2030, but humanity has lived many lives. So have you." Memories of sand and storm fill my mind. Indeed, I have travelled many worlds. "From the fangs of instinct and survival, we are now slowly clawing our way back to reality. To mindfulness and beauty. Realizing the full potential of consciousness. Life has become a journey to deeper understanding." 

I recognize his words to be inspired by insights yet unknown to me and notice a sadness darkening his expression. His voice breaks as he speaks: "We have gone far, but one truth remains. We haven't been able to recover those who are lost. The dead are gone." His face distorted, his eyes have become an ocean. The magnitude of his words hits me with full force.	</div>

<div style="text-align:center">*The dead are gone.*</div>

<div style="text-align:justify">
Despite my now blurry vision I can finally decipher the words on the walls. Names. Thousands of names. 

After a while of silent contemplation, joy slowly returns to the man's face. He smiles me farewell. "Safe travels. Be the future. Never forget the past. Godspeed, friend." 

Empty hallways walk me to the exit, all bearing the names of those left behind. My hand traces along their lines. I think thanks. The tides in me rise and fall. A cold breeze on my cheeks, I am outside. Still rain. But different. Still life. But something else as well. I venture on through cleared mist, my view turns backwards. A bird-like structure reaching its wings to the clouds. I bow. Raise my head. </div>

<div style="text-align:center">*"Institute for Reminiscence"*</div>

<div style="text-align:justify">and feel the human flower in me bloom.</div>